Cleanup Ant, Humanoid, Cart Pendulum (#5955)
isaac-sim/IsaacLab: docs/source/overview/reinforcement-learning/rl_existing_scripts.rst

            # install python module (for rl-games)
            ./isaaclab.sh -i rl_games
            # run script for training
            ./isaaclab.sh -p scripts/reinforcement_learning/rl_games/train.py --task Isaac-Ant --headless
            # run script for training with Newton backend
            ./isaaclab.sh -p scripts/reinforcement_learning/rl_games/train.py --task Isaac-Ant --headless physics=newton_mjwarp
            # run script for playing with 32 environments
            ./isaaclab.sh -p scripts/reinforcement_learning/rl_games/play.py --task Isaac-Ant --num_envs 32 --checkpoint /PATH/TO/model.pth
            # run script for recording video of a trained agent (requires installing `ffmpeg`)

>             ./isaaclab.sh -p scripts/reinforcement_learning/rl_games/play.py --task Isaac-Ant --headless --video --video_length 200

Reviewer: Keep the renamed task ID from this PR, but use the unified command style from #5960.

```suggestion
            # run command for training
            ./isaaclab.sh train --rl_library rl_games --task Isaac-Ant --headless
            # run command for training with Newton backend
            ./isaaclab.sh train --rl_library rl_games --task Isaac-Ant --headless physics=newton_mjwarp
            # run command for playing with 32 environments
            ./isaaclab.sh play --rl_library rl_games --task Isaac-Ant --num_envs 32 --checkpoint /PATH/TO/model.pth
            # run command for recording video of a trained agent (requires installing `ffmpeg`)
            ./isaaclab.sh play --rl_library rl_games --task Isaac-Ant --headless --video --video_length 200
```

            :: install python module (for rl-games)
            isaaclab.bat -i rl_games
            :: run script for training
            isaaclab.bat -p scripts\reinforcement_learning\rl_games\train.py --task Isaac-Ant --headless
            :: run script for training with Newton backend
            isaaclab.bat -p scripts\reinforcement_learning\rl_games\train.py --task Isaac-Ant --headless physics=newton_mjwarp
            :: run script for playing with 32 environments
            isaaclab.bat -p scripts\reinforcement_learning\rl_games\play.py --task Isaac-Ant --num_envs 32 --checkpoint /PATH/TO/model.pth
            :: run script for recording video of a trained agent (requires installing `ffmpeg`)

>             isaaclab.bat -p scripts\reinforcement_learning\rl_games\play.py --task Isaac-Ant --headless --video --video_length 200

Reviewer: Same resolution for the Windows commands.

```suggestion
            :: run command for training
            isaaclab.bat train --rl_library rl_games --task Isaac-Ant --headless
            :: run command for training with Newton backend
            isaaclab.bat train --rl_library rl_games --task Isaac-Ant --headless physics=newton_mjwarp
            :: run command for playing with 32 environments
            isaaclab.bat play --rl_library rl_games --task Isaac-Ant --num_envs 32 --checkpoint /PATH/TO/model.pth
            :: run command for recording video of a trained agent (requires installing `ffmpeg`)
            isaaclab.bat play --rl_library rl_games --task Isaac-Ant --headless --video --video_length 200
```
